This product is a day planner. 
It allows users to start off their days by receiving a guided set of recommendations based on 
real time data like weather and current trends as well as user inputs. Users can then receive 
and take these recommendations to help guide them towards a strong start to the day. 
This is for the indecisive student who struggles to make decisions in the time constrained 
environment of the morning rush. It helps put down something concrete for the user to solidly 
say yes/no on and moves them out of that gray area of indecision. 

Some core functionalities may include:
Outfit recommendations with real articles of clothing linked
Song recommendations/playlist creator
Food/drink recommendations
Grocery/recipe recommendations, takes into account what’s in season/local deals
Looks at restaurants in the area and recommends ones that fit the person’s mood/other real time data.
Custom wellness advice
User input to further guide recommendations


MVP:
User types a morning prompt and gets back populated agent cards/modules (e.g. weather, outfit, restaurant, music, wellness, etc.)
Recommendations are consistent with each other (i.e. Outfits will match the weather)
All agents are registered on agentverse 
UI has a modular card layout with toggles for each agent


Orchestrator / Prompt Parser
Takes the raw morning prompt and outputs a structured day context JSON object that all agents receive. 
This is what makes recommendations coherent across agents rather than isolated.
Key for modularity across app. It acts as the center point that guides the main flow of the app.


Demo is considered successful if: 
A judge can type "I'm stressed, have a midterm at 2pm, and it's cold outside" and receive a weather card, 
a weather-appropriate outfit, a calming playlist, a nearby comfort food restaurant, and a short wellness 
tip like "try box breathing before your exam".

i want to change this a little, give me a structure for the orchestrator where there are two stages, 
context stage and action stage. 
the context stage will be to gather all necessary context, this can be gather input from the user, 
retrieve context from database, or making calls to agents where their output serves as context for 
other agents and is independent of context (e.g. something like the weather, its i not dependent on 
what the user asks but it affects something like the kind of music we might want to listen to). 
after gathering context, it will go into the action stage where it makes necessary 
calls to action agents that are dependent on context. all agents theoretically should have some kind of 
output that can be parsed into a card on the frontend or work as a response in chat protocol